[ :ref:`aws <cli:aws>` . :ref:`swf <cli:aws swf>` ]

.. _cli:aws swf respond-activity-task-completed:


*******************************
respond-activity-task-completed
*******************************



===========
Description
===========



Used by workers to tell the service that the  ActivityTask identified by the ``taskToken`` completed successfully with a ``result`` (if provided). The ``result`` appears in the ``ActivityTaskCompleted`` event in the workflow history.

 

.. warning::

  If the requested task does not complete successfully, use  respond-activity-task-failed instead. If the worker finds that the task is canceled through the ``canceled`` flag returned by  record-activity-task-heartbeat , it should cancel the task, clean up and then call  respond-activity-task-canceled .

 

A task is considered open from the time that it is scheduled until it is closed. Therefore a task is reported as open while a worker is processing it. A task is closed after it has been specified in a call to RespondActivityTaskCompleted,  respond-activity-task-canceled ,  respond-activity-task-failed , or the task has `timed out`_ .

 

**Access Control** 

 

You can use IAM policies to control this action's access to Amazon SWF resources as follows:

 

 
* Use a ``Resource`` element with the domain name to limit the action to only specified domains.
 
* Use an ``Action`` element to allow or deny permission to call this action.
 
* You cannot use an IAM policy to constrain this action's parameters.
 

 

If the caller does not have sufficient permissions to invoke the action, or the parameter values fall outside the specified constraints, the action fails. The associated event attribute's **cause** parameter will be set to OPERATION_NOT_PERMITTED. For details and example IAM policies, see `Using IAM to Manage Access to Amazon SWF Workflows`_ .



========
Synopsis
========

::

    respond-activity-task-completed
  --task-token <value>
  [--result <value>]
  [--cli-input-json <value>]
  [--generate-cli-skeleton]




=======
Options
=======

``--task-token`` (string)


  The ``taskToken`` of the  ActivityTask .

   

  .. warning::

     ``taskToken`` is generated by the service and should be treated as an opaque value. If the task is passed to another process, its ``taskToken`` must also be passed. This enables it to provide its progress and respond with results.

  

``--result`` (string)


  The result of the activity task. It is a free form string that is implementation specific.

  

``--cli-input-json`` (string)
Performs service operation based on the JSON string provided. The JSON string follows the format provided by ``--generate-cli-skeleton``. If other arguments are provided on the command line, the CLI values will override the JSON-provided values.

``--generate-cli-skeleton`` (boolean)
Prints a sample input JSON to standard output. Note the specified operation is not run if this argument is specified. The sample input can be used as an argument for ``--cli-input-json``.



======
Output
======

None

.. _Using IAM to Manage Access to Amazon SWF Workflows: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazonswf/latest/developerguide/swf-dev-iam.html
.. _timed out: http://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazonswf/latest/developerguide/swf-dg-basic.html#swf-dev-timeout-types
